In this video you're going to learn how to write better email subject lines and I want to show you a
really cool trick that you can use right away to really find nice how to write email subject lines that
get opened.
And that's the critical part.
So what you should do is come into your own e-mail accounts and like I've done here I have a folder
full of all of the emails that I've signed up to and what you want to do is look down through this list
of emails you can see a ton of these e-mails I haven't opened at all.
But there are certain e-mails here that I have opened and these are the ones that you really want to
focus on.
So if you've opened the e-mails well then obviously that is a subject line that gets opened.
And so you can just take the subject lines or model them and use them for yourself and you're going
to have a very good chance of those getting open.
So essentially you're looking at what is working and then you're just applying it to yourself.
That's a lot easier than talking about the 10 things you need to do because look this is proven.
And let's take an example of this 7 prediction trends for tech in 2018.
Now why did I open this.
Well number one it starts with numbers and that's a great way to spark curiosity because I really want
to know water those seven things.
And there are also trends for tech in 2018.
So if these are trends well maybe I can jump on them maybe a combine and benefit from them.
And it just sparks a lot of curiosity because I would like to maybe get ahead on these trends.
It's for 2018.
This was sent in the 6th of January so it's quite timely it's a well-timed D.M. and I want to open it
because I want to know what seven trends are.
So how could you use an email subject like line like this for yourself.
Well you could do the seven prediction trends for digital marketing.
There's an 18 7 production trends for yoga whatever personal finance whatever your name is.
You can take a subject line like that and just applied for yourself.
Again starting with the numbers is really a great thing for email subject lines because it sparks curiosity
and I want to open the e-mail in order to find out.
Now this is absolutely critical.
Email subject lines.
Look at all these e-mails here that I haven't Open's now for these e-mail senders.
They haven't gotten me to open the e-mail so they've no chance of me clicking choose their web site
or buying their product so read the email subject line is something you should spend a lot of time thinking
about.
Because if they don't open your email then everything you've done after that is just wasted.
So that's why coming in answer to your own e-mails seeing what you've opened is just one of the best
ways to see what works and if you're working in a company is going to be a pretty cool way to just sit
everybody down.
Do this exercise say hey guys open your emails let me see the emails that you've opened because I want
to take in those headlines and use them for ourselves.
Here's another example.
This is completely other side of the spectrum.
There's no numbers in it.
But again it's from this guy and he said are you there.
Dhara so I know that actually when I open the seamount not because I'd given my email in his e-mail
sign up form this is kind of an automated email but I was like oh is this how do I know this person.
And he just said are you there Nera.
So again it's that kind of curiosity.
He addressed me personally and I opened that because I wanted to say oh is he addressing me personally
or you know and we really I had to open to find out.
So again I had to open the e-mail to find out.
And it's another way of sparking their curiosity.
Just having a very casual question.
And the reason that he was able to address me by my name is I'd given my name in the e-mail sign up
form so that's a huge advantage of including that if you want to you can address people personally.
And let's have a look at some other stuff.
Why do it.
Let's talk.
Why didn't I open.
OK.
Well I mean there's nothing specific about it.
It doesn't spark my curiosity.
There's no reason for me to open the e-mail.
I know who this company is and I'm not sure that there's anything that I want to to work with them on.
So as well as looking at the e-mails that you've Open's it's actually great exercise and probably even
more beneficial to look at the e-mails that you haven't opened.
What did they do wrong.
What could they have done better in order for you to open that e-mail.
So for this one you know.
Let's talk OK we'll talk about why.
What benefit is going to be for me etc..
So if they had taken one of these other approaches or I'm not sure how to do it but definitely something
as short as no benefit no curiosity is not going to get me to open up.
Let's keep on moving then and let's have a look at some other ones.
Here's a great one.
Linked-In experiment increase your reach by six hundred percent.
So of course Heidi do this how do you increase your reach by 600 percent on Linked In.
I want to know how to do this so as he opened the e-mail to find out.
And actually in that e-mail he explained how to do it in a YouTube video which of course likely through.
So that is a great example of an email there.
Is a result of benefit there.
I want to know how to do that.
And so obviously I open the e-mail and then I click through.
So great e-mail and you could do that with anything.
Instagram experiments increase your reach by 600 percent.
Yoga experiments increase your flexibility by 600 percent.
So again just looking at the e-mails that you've opened is the best way to write circle and and it opens.
Let's look at some other ones here.
Am I ok to be live.
Set your goals so setting goals at the start of a new year.
It's always a tough thing to do.
Any help but that can be good.
So writing emails that really appeal to people at certain times of year is a good thing to do as well
depending on your business.
So keep in mind always what the customer is trying to achieve.
Different times of the year.
So let's have a look at some other ones here.
Here's another example of an email I didn't open last call for $10 courses.
Three hours left.
So it's a good offer but I'm not sure what 10 like what courses are they.
BI What is the benefit they're going to help me to achieve.
It doesn't really spark my curiosity and so I didn't open that one there.
Here's another one I didn't open.
Grab any plug in our team for just 19 so you can see it was cut off.
He did address me personally.
New year 2000 after offering you can see that you really want to make sure the important stuff is at
the start of the email.
Maybe grab any theme or plug in for just $19 and then it had a limited time frame so like three days
left then that might have got me to open it up.
Or if they said get these ten WordPress plugins for just $19 each or something like that.
Well maybe I'll be like OK what are those 10 because maybe I should get them while I can while I have
the chance and while the offer is there.
So once again the best way to write email subject lines that get opened is to come into your own email.
Look at the emails that you've Open's you can ask team members to have a look into their inboxes and
also look at those emails you haven't opened and really understand why and avoid doing those things
for yourself and continue to do what is obviously working on what you are opening.
So hope you enjoy that tip.
Go ahead and use it right now.
Write better email subject lines or buttered in your back pocket for later.